now to that terrifying Inferno right
here in New York that took a hundred
firefighters to get under control one of
the firemen trapped in the blaze found
himself with no way out until a
jaw-dropping moment that was all caught
on tank tape thankfully he's okay and
ABC's Dan Harris is here with his story
that video is incredible yeah live a
good morning to you we all know
intuitively that firefighting is
dangerous but the rescue that plays out
on this videotape hammers that home in a
truly visceral way as the orange blossom
of flame bursts out of the top floor of
this Brooklyn brownstone we see a truly
split-second moment of heroism inside
caught in the massive inferno his head
and back now a flame his firefighter
Robert Weidman now fully ablaze and with
nowhere to go he waves frantically and
starts to throw himself from the window
when immediately almost instinctively
another firefighter races up the ladder
to save him moments later Weidman
collapses onto the ladder flames eating
through his protective gear as he's
patted down by his rescuer Wow
both men then moved slowly down the
ladder as another firefighter on the
ground
showers them with water Weidman pauses
letting steam rise from his body and
then almost miraculously moves himself
towards safety fire officials say these
harrowing events began as a somewhat
routine house call but got a lot worse
when firefighters couldn't get water to
the house fast enough if staffing had
not been cut they would have gotten
water on this fire at least a minute
sooner this fire would have been knocked
down there would be no injuries that
would not be to firefighters in the burn
center today and then quickly the fire
which had been contained to the back
bedroom erupted creating a massive
fireball
as Weidman push himself out through the
window a second firefighter fled down a
dangerous stairwell towards safety they
are just the greatest New York had man
they did their job and I
to them and this morning that second
firefighter he's in critical condition
as for Robert Weidman that's the man who
we saw climbing out the window he's in
serious but stable condition with burns
over nearly half of his body and the
firefighter credited with climbing up
that ladder in saving his life he is
choosing to remain anonymous so humble
we're a full recovery for both of them
all right Dan thank you